eosDublin Submission Appeal 

What is the name of your Guild?
EOS Dublin 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Technical Operations?
We are running AA API, History and have production-ready infrastructure.  This month we also spent a lot of time upgrading our oracles and have added the following: ETH, BTC, EOS, USD
https://wax.bloks.io/transaction/acc170575603145ebc3899e35818accd9c6fa330c72d3df79659d6152b3fc33b

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Product Development?
Yes, across our RedRope and voucher products we have made significant progress on the business development front and have been working on a key partnership with an events company in Ireland. As we are fully out of restrictions we will be providing NFT support and creation for a number of their key events this year. Below is a copy of the email sent by their account manager. We have since had several workshops and have been pitching to their clients to provide NFT creation on WAX. 

My.D Developments: Please see video demo in Email - Expected go-live date is May 2022 significant work has been done to date (points shared with Amsterdam)

Our other products (Vouchers, dMerch. Wax School) have all made progress but nothing significant to warrent explination for now. All still moving 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Ecosystem Development?
Yes, we are happy to report that we have made significant progress working with Defactor.com on bringing NFT financing to WAX - Please view the video demo here: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oerZCpu9whe8QVgetHYIDwFXOPZHQNdN/view

The purpose of this collaboration is to: Provide enhanced functionality to the wax community, Prove that WAX is a stable and robust environment to attract more defi and gamefi projects to the ecosystem, Give buyers who missed out on lower primary market sales an opportunity to get NFTs at a discounted price

Zaisan.io (formerly Europechain) has also signed a partnership agreement with the WAX core team to work on opportunities. More info in the email - There is one very significant global initiative with a top 10 global brand that is being worked by Adam and other members of Decentral and Zaisan team. 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Community Engagement?
Yes, last week Adam traveled to the UAE (Dubai) with the other eosDublin founders to the Metaverse week. There were a number of NFT and GameFi related panels - We were the only representatives of the WAX blockchain at the entire conference and spent a lot of time educating the various games and teams about the possibilities of the WAX chain. 

Isaac from eosDublin has continued with the video campaign:

Blockchain Brawlers, a next-level application on the WAX blockchain
Carbon Offset on the WAX Blockchain
Carbon Offset on Wax Part 2

Do you have any feedback for improving the Office of Inspector General, the Inspector General Guidelines, or this form?
No, apologies for missing the submission, we were in the UAE at the metaverse conference.



