What is the name of your Guild?
EOS Dublin 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Technical Operations?
No 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Product Development?
Yes, our team hae been working in collaboration with Zaisan to deliver the MyD Identity product. This is being shared with EOS Amsterdam.

myD: See website here: https://myd.online/ (And please sign up!). We will be having a beta launch on the WAX network and will be collaborating with many of the well known collections and games in the network to allow for ‘real’ users to interact with the chain and not bots! 

The launch plan for myD is still in Stealth mode, we would prefer to present it on a call if necessary. There has been months of work involving input from many of the top guilds, projets and WAX team. 

More info is in the confidential email. 

RED ROPE: NFT Memories - Project status (Beta) As the live event scene is finally back in full swing, we have a number of upcoming events in partnership with a prominent event management company in ireland. More details in email. 

The RedRope contracts will be released and available for use by projects who want to use NFTs as access passes, tickets or VIP experiences. We will trial this new partnership with one event in April (NFT Live Dublin)

WAX.School: Content continued to be created and updated. Analytics will be collected and fed to the content delivery team. The summer will see more video content to see if that has more of an impact on community learning and onboarding. Whether or not we get points we will continue to invest in this and support it as we feel it is value add. 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Ecosystem Development?
Yes, on a number of fronts. Defactor.com have kicked off their Labs initiative and will be releasing the NFT financing platform with WAX as the first network. This took a lot of sessions and workshops to get WAX listed as the first projet to launch Pawn.Digital (Screens in Email). We will be running this with a number of key community stakeholders (confidential) to test the viability of the financing market on wax. This is real world Defi coming to WAX! 

We have also been working with one prominent game (Defina.finance) Who will be embarking on their WAX journey with a cross-platform offering. eosDublin have been selected as the project leader and have worked extensively with the core team to design a cross-game strategy that suits their vision and plans.  There are tens of thousands of players and we will be working on a bridge through Zaisan.io (https://zaisan.io/infra/bridge/)

We are also taking the lead in terms of strategy and rollout for a new GameFi project called Melaxy - www.melaxy.game - This will also have a WAX strategy with Staking pools, NFT sales and a marketplace. This one will make noise very quickly. Let’s see if it is received well. 

Does your Guild have any new information to submit that impacts Community Engagement?
Yes, we have continued to evangelize and educate our clients, communities, and event attendees. 

We attended the Meta Week conference in Dubai (and were the only representatives of WAX) 

As mentioned we have another NFT night (April 21st) as well as having the upcoming events with our partners including multiple sessions at the upcoming blockchain Ireland week in May 2022. 
Decentral (eosDublin) has scaled up operations and continues to have a WAX focused strategy when working with clients, educating new communities and also trying to convince new games and projects to migrate to WAX (This is very time consuming) 

Do you have any feedback for improving the Office of Inspector General, the Inspector General Guidelines, or this form?
No
